#gather
Command gather(1) gathers all files matching a glob pattern in the transitive closure of a Go package's dependencies.

Download:
```shell
go get github.com/jimmyfrasche/gather
```

If you do not have the go command on your system, you need to [Install Go](http://golang.org/doc/install) first

* * *
Command gather(1) gathers all files matching a glob pattern
in the transitive closure of a Go package's dependencies.

gather(1) is like find(1) mashed together with the list subcommand of the go(1) tool.
It lists the files in Go package directories that match a glob pattern.
This list can be altered by specifying which packages and what files to show.

Packages can be specified by import paths, in the same format as the go(1) tool,
including the ... syntax.
If build tags alter the dependencies of the package, use the -tags flag, which
behaves as the -tags flag on the various go(1) subcommands that support it.
If no packages are specified, the current directory is used.

By default, gather(1) also scans the dependencies of these packages, but filters
out any standard library dependencies.
To include standard library dependencies, use the -stdlib flag.
To not scan the dependencies, use the -no-deps flag.

Files are matched by globs as per godoc path/Filepath Match.
The default glob is "*", but to specify import paths you must first
specify the pattern.
By default, dotfiles are excluded.
To include dotfiles, use the -. flag.
To exclude matched files that match a second glob, use the -exclude flag.

By default, gather(1) prints the absolute path of each matched file.
To print matched files relative to a given path, use the -rel flag.

By default, gather(1) prints each matched file on its own line,
with no shell escaping.
If you have wonky file names use the -print0 flag, as with find(1).

By default, gather(1) just prints the files with no concern for two
files in different package directories having the same name.
For a script that copies files from multiple directories into
one directory, this can cause hard to track down failures.
The -fail-on-dup flag will cause gather(1) to fail if two files
have the same name.

##EXAMPLES
List all non-dot files in the package contained in the current directory,
and all of its non-standard library dependencies, relative to $GOPATH
(assumes a single directory in $GOPATH)

```
gather -rel=$GOPATH
```

List all css files, dot or not, in the transitive closure of the dependencies
of the package in the current directory, relative to the current directory,
while failing if two files share the same name.

```
gather -. -fail-on-dup -rel=. "*.css"
```

List the absolute path of all non-dot .go files not matching "doc*.go"
in some/package and all of it dependencies, including standard library dependencies.

```
gather -exclude "doc*.go" -stdlib "*.go" some/package
```

List the absolute path of all dot files like ".git*" in the packages a/b/c, d/e/f, and g/h/...
ignoring any dependencies

```
gather -. -no-deps ".git*" a/b/c d/e/f g/h/...
```



* * *
Automatically generated by [autoreadme](https://github.com/jimmyfrasche/autoreadme) on 2016.07.03
